---
title: en2024
date: 2024-07-24 09:29:58
tags:
---

In a world where the internet has become an integral part of our daily lives, there’s a remarkable opportunity to immerse ourselves in foreign languages without ever leaving the comfort of our screens.

we can seamlessly integrate language learning into our web browsing activities. In this article, we’ll explore the top Chrome extensions that can help you learn a new language while you surf the web.

Improve your skills on your own, effectively and enjoyably, by watching films and series in the language you study.

Language Reactor is a powerful toolbox for learning languages. It helps you to discover, understand, and learn from native materials. Studying will become more effective, interesting, and enjoyable! (formerly called 'Language Learning with Netflix')

---

我不是建议大家都去做投资，但从赚钱的可持续性角度来分析，我们应当把「出卖时间」思维方式，转变为「积累资产」的思维方式。

所以，工作的主线，除了存钱，重要的任务还有：

培养通用的能力：心理韧性、沟通表达、情绪管理、商务关系等基础能力；

还要积极发展“工作以外”赚钱的方式，给自己扩大选项，跳出自己狭小的认知锚点，知道这个世界上有谁，在通过什么方式赚钱，赚到了怎样的钱。

如果还有余力，探索一件事自己喜欢且擅长的事情，并持续赚到钱。比如，如果你擅长做内容，是不是可以在业余时间拍一些视频，靠视频赚钱。

I am not suggesting that we all go into investing, 
but analyzing from the perspective of sustainability of earning money, 
we should change the 'selling time' mindset to an 'accumulating assets' mindset.

Therefore, the main line of work, in addition to saving money, the important task is also:

Develop generic skills: 
- mental toughness, 
- communication, 
- emotion management, 
- business relations, 
- and other basic skills;

It is also important to actively develop ways to make money “outside of work”, 
to expand your options, 
to look beyond your narrow cognitive anchors, 
and to know who in the world is making money, how, 
and what kind of money they are making.

If there's still room, 
discover one thing you love and are good at and earn money consistently.
For example, if you're good at making content, 
isn't it possible to make some videos in your spare time 
and rely on them to make money?

---
Here are some unfamiliar words.
I can't express this in English without a translation tool.

I've found that for new English words, 
remembering how it's pronounced and trying to pronounce it 
will make it easier to remember than just remembering its spelling.

---

Soon I will have multiple databases to periodically backup. 
Is there any tool that you can recommend which I can selfhost 
and will have a nice UI for scheduling DB backups? 
I can of course create scripts for backups, 
but it would be great to have a nice tool with a panel that lists all the backups.

---

LinkedIn, the social platform used by professionals to connect with others in their field, 
hunt for jobs, and develop skills, 
is taking the wraps off its latest effort to build artificial intelligence tools for users.

Hiring Assistant is a new product designed to take on a wide array of recruitment tasks, 
from ingesting scrappy notes and thoughts to turn into longer job descriptions to sourcing candidates and engaging with them.

---

While the getting started pages provide an introductory tour of the project and what it offers, this document focuses on why we do the things we do in Bootstrap.

It explains our philosophy to building on the web so that others can learn from us, contribute with us, and help us improve.

Modifier classes should only be used when there are multiple properties or values to be changed across multiple variants.

Modifiers are not always necessary, so be sure you’re actually saving lines of code and preventing unnecessary overrides when creating them.

Good examples of modifiers are our theme color classes and size variants.

The same goes for more complex components.

While we could write our own form validation plugin to add classes to a parent element based on an input’s state,
thereby allowing us to style the text say red,

we prefer using the :valid/:invalid pseudo-elements every browser provides us.

Utility classes—formerly helpers in Bootstrap 3—are a powerful ally in combating CSS bloat and poor page performance.

A utility class is typically a single, immutable property-value pairing expressed as a class (e.g., .d-block represents display: block;).

Their primary appeal is speed of use while writing HTML and limiting the amount of custom CSS you have to write.

While not always possible, we strive to avoid being overly dogmatic in our HTML requirements for components.

Thus, we focus on single classes in our CSS selectors and try to avoid immediate children selectors (>).

This gives you more flexibility in your implementation and helps keep our CSS simpler and less specific.

Bootstrap 5 is increasingly making use of custom properties as local variables for various components.

This way we reduce our compiled CSS, ensure styles aren’t inherited in places like nested tables, and allow some basic restyling and extending of Bootstrap components after Sass compilation.
